About

Skip to content

home

About

Umrah

why

Give

Connect

Hamburger Toggle Menu

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Khalis Rashaad

Shaykh Khalis Rashaad is the Imam and Resident Scholar for Ibrahim Center and leads The Dawām Seminary for Islamic Studies, a two-year program grounded in the methods of traditional Islamic pedagogy while thoughtfully adapted for the realities of contemporary life. The seminary emphasizes a structured study of the core disciplines, aqidah, fiqh, tafsir, hadith, and tazkiyah, alongside the cultivation of adab, critical thinking, and spiritual refinement.
His teaching emphasizes equipping students to engage the Islamic scholarly tradition with clarity and apply it in their lives in a practical way. His work focuses on addressing contemporary questions through the framework of Islamic law, theology and spirituality, with an emphasis on lived practice.
Khalis’ primary areas of focus include Qur’anic exegesis (tafsīr), Islamic jurisprudence (fiqh), applied theology, and spiritual development. He holds ijāzāt in jurisprudence, hadith, theology, and spirituality.
Beyond his teaching and community leadership, Shaykh Khalis is the Founder of Dawām Research & Ethical Advisory, an independent research and consulting practice that provides scholarly consultation, ethical guidance, and strategic counsel on matters relating to Islamic law, Islamic finance, governance, philanthropy, estate planning, and contemporary religious practice. He is also the Founder and Principal of Rashaad & Associates, an accounting and financial advisory firm. He holds advanced professional credentials, including an MBA and CPA, and is currently pursuing doctoral research in Islamic jurisprudence, with a focus on the practical application of Islamic law.

Amna Mulla

Amna is the Executive Director of Ibrahim Center. She is a native Houstonian and a mother of two children. She graduated from the University of Houston with a degree in supply chain management and information systems. She began her career in San Francisco in consulting, working across various industries before transitioning into the tech sector, where she organized and structured various start-ups during periods of massive growth. While in the Bay Area, Amna served the Muslim community at Taleef, where she learned about convert care and holding space for an authentic community.
In 2018, Amna and her family moved back to Texas, where she founded Ruh Karima, a women’s art collective. As the art director, Amna led various installations. Although Ruh Karima is currently on pause, Amna is excited to bring her experiential design expertise to IIC.
Amna has been a key member of our community for five years. During this time, she developed the Little Stewards children’s program (previously known as Suhba Camp) and played a crucial role in organizing and executing our largest Ramadan fundraiser.
Amna’s vision for IIC is to maintain our community’s intimate and supportive environment while fostering growth and visibility. She aims to create a space where everyone, including families, elders, and youth, feels at home.

Melanie Meleekah Villegas

Meleekah is the Administrative Director of Ibrahim Center. She is a Tejana born and raised in the west part of Houston, TX, and moved to 3rd Ward in 2001. She is an activist, community researcher, and artist working on issues related to health, wellness, and community development in Houston’s Third Ward community. Nurtured by service, mentors, and motivators, she develops her passion for transformation and renewal through the use of creative methods such as photography, drama therapy, and outdoor activation. She enjoys creating space for communal conversations, exploration, and healing as a creative connector to support socioeconomically disadvantaged communities through the Arts, Culture, and Care.

Ibrahim Islamic Center provides space to connect people through fellowship, learning, and spiritual cultivation rooted in love and service.

Useful Links

HOME

ABOUT

WHY

GIVE

CONNECT

Contact Us

connect@ibrahimcenter.org

618 Baca St. Houston, TX 77013

©2024. Ibrahim Islamic Center. All Rights Reserved.

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram